7 Reasons Why a Lover is Better Than a Boyfriend
If you happen to find yourself between boyfriends, you may not be looking to rush into a serious relationship. But that doesn’t mean you don’t long for some companionship and (safe, responsible) physical affection every now and then. And that’s when having a lover can be the perfect solution. 
As long as the ground rules are clear—and neither of you is married or in a committed relationship with someone else—you and your lover can enjoy each other’s company and while both having your needs met. 
In many ways, a lover is a lot less hassle than a boyfriend.
You’ll never have to cook him dinner. You and your lover will meet out for dinner and drinks (his treat), then go back to his place for, ahem, dessert. It’s simple, uncomplicated, and there are no dishes to wash afterwards.
You’ll never have to meet his mother. This isn’t going to get serious, so there’s no need to meet parents, attend a niece’s graduation or a nephew’s birthday party, or wonder if your mother is going to like him.
You’ll never have to wash his underwear or iron his shirts. Having a lover offers so many of the good parts of a relationship, without the domestic BS that weighs down so many couples. You’ve got your house; he’s got his. And he’s a grown-up who can do his own laundry.
You can call the shots. You might be surprised at how empowering it can be to have a lover. You can choose when to see him; you can choose where you meet and, if you wish to, you can see other people, too.
You’ll never have to have the “relationship talk.” Once you and your lover agree that you’re in this for a good time based on mutual attraction and fondness, but that neither of you is looking for anything serious, things are so much easier.
You will always be sexy to each other. They say familiarity breeds contempt. With a lover, you’ll never be around him often enough to hate his snoring or how he scratches his crotch, and he’ll never have a chance to grow to hate how you sneeze or see you when you’ve got a head cold and cramps.
The sex will always be hot. Unlike a boyfriend, you and your lover don’t see one another often enough for the sex to get stale. Plus, there’s something about sex without commitment that makes us feel naughty. And that’s hot.