The Deal With His Mom
We LOLed when we read that Taylor Kinney said his gf Lady Gaga reminds him of his mom. Is that a compliment? Experts say to some guys, it is. 
Whether your guy's mom is charming or...not, she plays a serious role in your relationship with him. Knowing exactly how is valuable intel.
But he does probably want a girl who treats him the way his mama did growing up. 
"The relationship with his mother is the archetype of what makes him feel nourished and loved," says Les Parrott, PhD, clinical psychologist and co-author of Questions Couples Ask. 
If his mom expressed love by constantly telling him how special he was, and praising him all the time, then he's probably the kind of person who needs verbal reassurance that you're into him. 
If she showed affection by showering him with kisses and hugs, you could tell him you love him till you're blue in the face—but he may not feel secure if you're not physically affectionate too.
Even if a guy has an amazingly close relationship with his mom now, years of living under the same roof could have made him overly sensitive about certain behaviors that hurt him when he was little. 
"The memories are so powerful, that something you do in the present can easily trigger those negative feelings from the past and make him overreact to certain things you do," says Karen Sherman, PhD, author of Marriage Magic: Find It, Keep It, Make It Last.
If his mother never, say, went to his soccer games in middle school, he might be grumpy if you forget to ask him how that super important meeting went today, because he thinks you're not interested in his life. 
Or if she always criticized him for dressing like a slob, he might get snappish with you if you so much as raise your eyebrows at his beloved Chucks.
Here's the thing about guys with judgy mommies: Most of them know she'll never be satisfied by anyone he brings home, no matter how awesome and sweet the girl is. 
So even if you're picking up snide, snotty vibes from his creator, that doesn't necessarily mean your future with her darling boy is doomed.
Regardless of how you feel about his mom, his relationship with her was the first he ever had with a woman and ultimately, the most important. He values her—and her opinion—like no other. 
That means even if you think she's being totally unreasonable about something (like by insisting you guys visit every weekend), don't criticize her and urge your BF to go against her wishes. If you do, he'll automatically jump to her defense. 
So spin your opinion in a positive way: "Honey, I'd love to have some weekends just the two of us." When he's not in defense mode, he'll be way more inclined to see your point and make the right decision.